you
I live the girls very good guys I am
What are you waiting for?
all very well
today I tell you a story about
the annexation and that is according to people
influential generations sector
coming will not last no more than five
years but algarra that is the carrier of
are and set up in teasdale in your
division in the united kingdom has made a
series of statements on duration
of the next generation consoles
specifically on on playstation 4 and
Xbox One
there are enough reasons to believe that
the prison cycle four will be more
short especially in markets like kingdom
united is probably a sign of what
much that times have changed in
these seven years the appetite and the
will to renew our
technological platforms have changed
It must be said that the last generation
the consoles had a life cycle
almost 8 years old but according to fergal this goes
to change from now on not only
from the point of view of one's own
sony but also for companies so
important as electronic arts since
also his vice president patrick
soderlund exposed in several media that the
current generation will be no more than
five years and that the previous consoles
they lasted longer than anyone in the
industry
I wanted we have seen games like
example the last of us or big picture 5
at the end of a cycle that we did not expect
a few years ago but now a
period of 5 or 6 years is what
project for the current generation and
sorry
phil harrison who is the vice president
of xbox has considered that 8 years has not
been a too long period but
otherwise indicated for the xbox 360
with these statements quite the contrary
from your industry peers the
period of life indicated for xbox one
also going to be the same so nothing
guys, I hope you've been interested
News
I think from my point of view that
xbox 360 and playstation 3 could still
explode if a little more but good not
I know who to say I simply say one
opinion is vain and gives me opinion so
nothing guys I do not know what you think about that
I want you to tell me a little kiss
everyone and see you in other languages of
this channel until the next